Update documentation to highlight XML generation logic (#183)
vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk: doc/adding_to_an_adapter.md

>     <CredentialKinds/>
>     <ResourceKinds>
>         <ResourceKind key="MyAdapter_adapter_instance" nameKey="2" type="7" credentialKind=""/>
>     </ResourceKinds>
> </AdapterKind>
> ```

For more information about the supported elements and attributes, see the [describe.xml documentation](../vmware_aria_operations_integration_sdk/adapter_template/describeSchema.xsd).
For more information about the Python module visit [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK Library](https://pypi.org/project/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk-lib/).

Once an adapter instance is defined, any configuration fields (`ResourceIdentifiers` element) and credentials (`CredentialKind` element)
will be prompted to the user when creating an account in VMware Aria Operations on the `Data Sources` &rarr; `Integrations`
page (See [Adding a Configuration Field to an Adapter Instance](#adding-a-configuration-field-to-an-adapter-instance)
and [Adding a Credential](#adding-a-credential). After the account has been created, configuration fields will be
available in the input to the `collect`, `test`, and `get_endpoint` methods.
(See [Creating an Adapter Instance](#creating-an-adapter-instance).)

> ## Adding a Configuration Field to an Adapter Instance in the Object Model

Reviewer: Any time you change a header like this, we need to make sure all of the anchor links are updated, otherwise they will no longer work. For example, on line 51 we have this line:

`
[Adding a Configuration Field to an Adapter Instance](#adding-a-configuration-field-to-an-adapter-instance)
`

which links to the old version of this header. It will have to be changed to this:

`
[Adding a Configuration Field to an Adapter Instance](#adding-a-configuration-field-to-an-adapter-instance-in-the-object-model)
`

This will have to be done for all of the header updates. Some markdown plugins will detect broken links and help you fix them, I'd recommend making sure you have one that does and the feature is turned on.

Adapter instance _identifiers_ distinguish between adapter instances from the same adapter. They also allow for user configuration.

> ### VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK Library
> ```python
> def get_adapter_definition() -> AdapterDefinition:
>     definition = AdapterDefinition("MyAdapter", "My Adapter")
>
>     definition.define_string_parameter(
>         "instance",
>         label="Instance",
>         required=True,
>     )
>     definition.define_enum_parameter(
>         "ssl_mode",

> >         values= ["Disable"],

Reviewer: I'd suggest we should always add all the enum values here, rather than relying on the `default` value being automatically added:
```suggestion
>         values=["Disable", "Require"],
```

>         label="SSL",
>         default="Require",
>         advanced=True,
>     )
>     definition.define_int_parameter(
>         "max_events",
>         label="Max Events",
>         advanced=True,
>     )
> ```
> The `AdapterDefinition` will generate a describe.xml equivalent to the one below
> ### describe.xml
> ```xml
> <AdapterKind xmlns="http://schemas.vmware.com/vcops/schema" key="My Adapter" nameKey="1" version="1">
>   <ResourceKinds>
>     <ResourceKind key="MyAdapter_adapter_instance" nameKey="5" type="7" >
>         <ResourceIdentifier dispOrder="1" key="instance" nameKey="6" required="true" type="string" identType="1"/>
>         <ResourceIdentifier dispOrder="2" key="ssl_mode" nameKey="7" required="true" type="string" identType="2" enum="true">
>             <enum default="true" value="Disable" />

> >             <enum default="false" value="Require" />

Reviewer: The default values are different between this XML code and the python code

>         </ResourceIdentifier>
>         <ResourceIdentifier dispOrder="3" key="max_events" nameKey="8" required="false" type="integer" identType="2"/>
>     </ResourceKind>
>   </ResourceKinds>
>   <!-- ... -->
> </AdapterKind>
> ```
For more information about the supported elements and attributes, see the [describe.xml documentation](../vmware_aria_operations_integration_sdk/adapter_template/describeSchema.xsd).
For more information about the Python module visit [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK Library](https://pypi.org/project/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk-lib/).

In the `describe.xml` adapter instance identifiers can have an `identType` of `1` or `2`. A type of `1` means the
identifier will be used for determining uniqueness, and will show up by default on the configuration page. If the type
is `2`, the identifier is _non-identifying_, and will show up under the 'advanced' section of the configuration page.

> In Python, the [Parameter](../lib/python/doc/aria/ops/definition/parameter.html) object has an `adavanced` attribute that determines

Reviewer: Typo in 'advanced' here. Would be good to run a spell check.

When defining a credential in `conf/describe.xml` file, it must be added to the Adapter Instance. The adapter
instance is a special `ResourceKind` that is used to configure an adapter. It is marked with the xml attribute/value
`type="7"`. To add the credential to the adapter instance, add an attribute `credentialKind` to the adapter instance's
`ResourceKind` element, with a value of the `CredentialKind`'s `key` attribute.

### describe.xml
```xml
<AdapterKind xmlns="http://schemas.vmware.com/vcops/schema" key="my_adapter" nameKey="1" version="1">
  <!--...-->
  <ResourceKinds>
    <ResourceKind key="my_adapter_instance" credentialKind="my_credential_type" nameKey="5" type="7" >
        <!-- ... -->
    </ResourceKind>
  </ResourceKinds>
</AdapterKind>
```

> ![Adding a credential](adding_a_credential.png)
>
> Adding a credential to an adapter instance with the `username` and `password` fields as defined above. 'Credential name'
> is always added (by VMware Aria Operations), and allows for credentials to be reused between adapter instances.

Both `describe.xml` and [AdapterDefinition](../lib/python/doc/aria/ops/definition/adapter_definition.html) allow for the

> use of multiple credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use of multiple credential types.
```

> ### VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK library
> ```python
> def get_adapter_definition() -> AdapterDefinition:
>     definition = AdapterDefinition("MyAdapter", "My Adapter")
>
>     credential = definition.define_credential_type("my_credential_type", "Credential")
>     credential.define_string_parameter("user_name", "User Name")
>     credential.define_password_parameter("user_password", "Password", required=False)
>     # Second set of credentials
>     second_credential = definition.define_credential_type("my_second_credential_type", "Second Credential")
>     second_credential.define_string_parameter("second_user_name", "Second User Name")

> >     second_credential.define_password_parameter("second_user_password", "Second Password", required=False)

Reviewer: I think if we do an example we should make sure it makes sense, so a user will have an example of _why_ they might need two credential kinds -- there's no point in having two credential kinds if they both have the same two pieces of information.

>           <CredentialField required="false" dispOrder="1" enum="false" key="second_user_password" nameKey="4" password="true" type="string"/>
>       </CredentialKind>
>   </CredentialKinds>
>   <ResourceKinds>
>       <ResourceKind key="MyAdapter_adapter_instance" nameKey="2" type="7" credentialKind="my_credential_type,my_second_credential_type"/>
>   </ResourceKinds>
> </AdapterKind>
> ```
>> In the describe.xml credential kind keys are separated by a comma.

Once the credential is defined in the [object model](#defining-an-adapter-and-adapter-instance-in-the-object-model), it can be used in the adapter code.
> Note: If there are any existing connections used by the [`mp-test`](mp-test.md) tool before the credential was created
> or updated, these will need to be deleted or updated.

Once an adapter instance is defined, any credential defined in the [object model](#defining-an-adapter-and-adapter-instance-in-the-object-model)
will be prompted to the user when creating an account in VMware Aria Operations on the `Data Sources` &rarr; `Integrations`
page. After the account has been created, credential fields will be available `AdapterInstance` object passed to the

> `collect`, `test`, and `get_endpoints` methods.(See [Creating an Adapter Instance](#creating-an-adapter-instance).)

Reviewer: May want to mention `get_credential_type` for determining which type of credential the user has supplied, if there are more than one

when running `mp-build`, `mp-test collect `, or `mp-test test` they call the **get_adapter_definition** method
and then generate `describe.xml` file with the [AdapterDefinition](../lib/python/doc/aria/ops/definition/adapter_definition.html)
object. If a `describe.xml` file is present in the `conf` directory, then the object returned by the **get_adapter_definition**
method will be ignored.

## Defining an Adapter and Adapter Instance in the Object Model
To define an adapter in the `conf/describe.xml` file use the top-level `AdapterKind` element. Only one adapter can be
defined in the [object model](#defining-an-adapter-and-adapter-instance-in-the-object-model). The `key` will be used when creating objects (See [Creating an object](#creating-an-object)),
and must also be present in the `manifest.txt` file in the `"adapter_kinds"` array. When defining an adapter, we also
have to define an adapter instance. An adapter instance is a special object in VMware Aria Operations that stores user
configuration for a connection. Every adapter must have exactly one adapter instance type. Adapter instances are set by
defining a `ResourceKind` element with attribute `type=7`. in Python,

> we can use the [AdapterDefinition](../lib/python/doc/aria/ops/definition/adapter_definition.html).

Reviewer: I think there's still some places we are saying 'adapter instance' where we mean 'adapter instance type'

Reviewer: "An adapter instance type is a special object" should go back to just saying "An adapter instance is a special object" - we need to make sure we're distinguishing between what is an object (resource) in Aria Ops, vs an class/type of object (resourceKind).

The other changes here look correct.

> Note: If there are any existing connections used by the [`mp-test`](mp-test.md) tool before the credential was created
> or updated, these will need to be deleted or updated.

Once an adapter instance is defined, any credential defined in the [object model](#defining-an-adapter-and-adapter-instance-in-the-object-model)
will be prompted to the user when creating an account in VMware Aria Operations on the `Data Sources` &rarr; `Integrations`
page. After the account has been created, credential fields will be available `AdapterInstance` object passed to the
`collect`, `test`, and `get_endpoints` methods.(See [Creating an Adapter Instance](#creating-an-adapter-instance).)

Using the [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK library](https://pypi.org/project/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk-lib/),
the credentials are available in the [AdapterInstance](../lib/python/doc/aria/ops/adapter_instance.html) object passed to
the `collect`, `test`, and `get_endpoint` methods in `app/adapter.py`(See [Creating an Adapter Instance](#creating-an-adapter-instance).).

> If an adapter supports multiple credentials, **AdapterInstance.get_credential_type** function returns the type of the
> credential used by this adapter instance, or `None` if the adapter instance does not have a credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an adapter supports multiple credential types, the **AdapterInstance.get_credential_type()** function can be used to determine the type of the
credential used by the adapter instance.
```

```
> Note: `AdapterInstance.from_input()` can only be called once per collection, test connection, or getEndpointURL invocation.

For other languages, or using Python without the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK Library module, JSON representing
the adapter instance is sent to a named pipe. The second-to-last argument the adapter is invoked with will always be the
filename of the named pipe.

> 

Reviewer: Any reason you removed the reference to the API document?
